He's a fucking
Strongsville football player.
He's a running back.
-What a fucking nightmare.
-Go ahead and take a seat.
So. um…
-Do you know what time it happened at?
-No. we don't.
Right now. it's so early
in the investigation that we don't know.
-They fall asleep at the wheel?
-Don't know.
We don't know that.
We don't know that. Um. so--
So two kids are dead.
My son's dead. another kid's dead.
and the girl's in the hospital?
She's in surgery right now.
Fuck.
Oh my gosh.
He texted me at three o'clock
in the morning. "Love you. Dad."
-He texted you at three o'clock?
-2:53.
-Okay.
We've got a few questions for you.
First thing is.
how long have you known Mackenzie?
Probably when I moved to Strongsville.
so ninth grade.
So describe the relationship.
She would be. like…
She was like. "Oh. I love Dom so much."
This and that.
I remember one instance
we were all about to get on the ride.
and Dom was on a phone call.
She was like. "You get on this ride now."
But he said. "I can't right now."
And then we come back.
and she kicked Dom away from us.
And she was just like.
"I'm about to break up with him."
She was just saying stuff like that.
Have you ever heard
Mackenzie threaten Dom?
We were in this candy shop. and. um…
This was after they'd gotten over arguing
and everything.
She was like. "Either buy me something
or shut the fuck up."
She always threatened
and was disrespectful to Dom in my eyes.
Why did Dom put up with this? Do you know?
Um. I've personally been told
that she did voodoo on him.
I mean. I personally don't believe that.
but she has told people
that she's put a spell on him
so that he couldn't break up with her.
Dom had so much going for himself. like…
Why does he stick with Kenzie?
He can do so much better. like.
Okay.
I'm gonna let the prosecutor know
that you came down to talk to us.
Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Dom tried to break up with her
multiple times. even in July.
It kept not working out. whatever.
They kept making back up.
Dom would have to call Kenzie's parents.
call her mom and stuff.
and say. "You need to come
get Kenzie outta here."
"She's refusing to leave my house.
She's being crazy."
For me. you know. there's
two types of love that you give somebody.
It's like. "I love that person
unconditionally."
And there's a type of love
that's selfish and restricted
and "I want them all to myself."
And that was Kenzie with Dom.
Kenzie's. like. she's let us know
she will never let go of Dom.
and if she has to let go of Dom.
she will not go on living herself.
-Chris. thanks for coming down.
-Not a problem.
I just wanna ask you
about the incident that happened
before the fatal crash.
Um. Dominic called. and. uh.
he was upset.
and. uh. he was like.
"I'm driving in a car with her.
and I don't wanna be around her anymore.
I'm done."
So I get on the highway.
And I call him. I say. "Where are you at?"
She was like. "I'll crash this car."
I'm like. "Dude. what do you mean?"
Can you clarify again
what you heard her say over the phone?
-She said she'll crash this car.
-You heard her?
-Yes.
-Okay.
Okay. I'm gonna take your handcuffs off.
-I need all the jewelry to come off. okay?
-Okay.
I can't wear any of it?
No. I need you to take it off
while you're in the jail right now.
As soon as we're done.
you'll be able to make a call.
We have to wait
for the detective to come back.
Just have a seat for us.
Dom. open the door.
I can't open the door.
I can't sit here and fight.
We gotta go to dinner
to see my grandparents. I can't…
You're not going to dinner
if you don't open the door.
I'ma let you know that now.
You're gonna come open this door right now
or there's gonna be
a serious fucking problem.
Okay. ready? I'm gonna count to ten.
The door's gonna open. okay?
You're gonna open the door
and stop hiding behind the door
like a little fucking bitch.
Step away from the door.
Maybe I can come outside and talk.
No. we're not fighting outside.
You're gonna open the door right now.
-Why aren't we fighting outside?
-One minute.
Now my mom's trying to call me. I gotta--
No. If you hang up on me.
we're done. I'm leaving.
-Kenzie. there's nothing I can do.
-There is.
Stop being a little bitch.
I can't let you in with how you're acting.
It's as simple as that.
Okay. I'm gonna
break into your house. then.
Dude. what the hell? What the actual fuck?
You don't let me in the house
that I sleep in every night. we are done.
-Mom?
-Hey. hey.
-Oh my goodness.
-I know. Kenzie.
I didn't think
that was gonna happen. She was just like…
She just made it seem
like I was just a murderer.
I know. I know. sweetie.
How much time do you think I'm gonna get?
I'm sure they're gonna go with the max.
-The max?
-Okay?
-Love you. Kenz.
-Love you all.
We know you're innocent.
We're not done yet. okay?
And I can't talk about anything.
So just… have trust in…
have trust in us. please.
Okay? But I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
We're gonna fight. fight. fight.
If I have to drive to the White House…
I'll take it all the way
to the Supreme Court if I have to.